ReadMe Improvements (#170)
cloudflare/wrangler-action: README.md

          apiToken: ${{ secrets.CF_API_TOKEN }}
          accountId: ${{ secrets.CF_ACCOUNT_ID }}
```

> ### "[NOTICE] Since you have specified an environment you need to make sure to pass in '--env dev' to your command."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### "[NOTICE] Since you have specified an environment you need to make sure to pass in '--env <environment>' to your command."
```

> If you are setting [environment specific parameters](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/environments/) via the `wrangler.toml` file. You need to ensure the environment parameter is passed to the `action` as well as in the `command` you are asking Wrangler to execute. This is becuase other Wrangler, such as secret uploads, need to know the environment context as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are setting [environment specific parameters](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/environments/) via the `wrangler.toml` file. You need to ensure the environment parameter is passed to the `action` as well as in the `command` you are executing. This is because other Wrangler commands, such as secret uploads, need to know the environment context as well.
```
